- **human**

  In this folder, `positive.csv`  stores 154 human essential lncRNAs(positive samples). `negative.csv` stores negative samples of which the quantity equal s to the number of positive samples(according to "GIC" negative sample strategy ).  `GIC_score.csv` stores the GIC score of all lncRNA genes. 
  In the `human/para` folder, `300_30_256`  is the optimal parameter of metapath2vec in human dataset. 300 is the number of walks per node, 30 is the length of each walk , and 256 is the dimension of embedding representation.  

  In the `300_30_256` folder, `alldata.csv` file stores all lncRNA feature vector, which are generated by the metapath2vec algorithm. `out_human_300_30.txt` are the result of `metapath2vec.cpp` . `dataset1.csv` file stores positive  and negative samples feature vector.  `MLP_pred.csv` , `SVM_pred.csv`  and `RF_pred.csv` add predicted label ,respectively.

- **mouse**

  In this folder, all files have the same distribution as the `result/human` folder, but this folder works for Mouse.  It should be noted that there are 25 essential lncRNAs in mouse dataset.

- **GIC select** 

  This folder contains the `human` and `mouse` folders. `unlabel.csv` file is all unlabelled lncRNAs with GIC score.  Take a random 1000 negative samples from unlabelled data , as many as positive samples each time. The negative samples taken each time are stored in file `human_random.csv`, and the performance indicators are stored in file `human_random_metrics.csv`(use SVM model).

  In the `300_30_256` folder, the negative samples are selected from the top, the bottom and around three median quartiles (25%, 50% and 75% percentiles) of the sorted lncRNA gene list. The positive samples and different samples are stored in dataset1.csv (the top), dataset2.csv ( 25%), dataset3.csv(50%), dataset4.csv(75%), dataset5.csv(the bottom) .  And `performance.csv` file stores performance metrics for the five different datasets.

  In the `GIC select/mouse` folder, all files have the same distribution as the `GIC select/human` folder.

- **shuffle** 

  This folder contains two folders, `300_30_256` for human data and `400_100_64` for mouse data. The dataset was fixed, and the positive and negative labels were shuffled 1000 times.  The shuffled label stores in `dataset1.csv` .   And `human/mouse_shuffle_MLP.csv` , `human/mouse_shuffle_RF.csv1`  and `human/mouse_shuffle_SVM.csv` are prediction performance for every condition and different model.

- **SVM_score、MLP_score and RF_score** 

  These folders record the predicted scores of each model for all human and mouse lncRNAs.

- **POCPR**

  These data are used to plot ROC curves and PR curves. The values of fpr and tpr under each threshold were recorded.